Ye Fan, am I crazy?
Do you know what you're talking about?
Yes, Brother Ye Fan, don't talk nonsense here
You paid so much to marry Sister Ying
How can you say you won't end it if you don't end it?
But you paid more for me, Cher.
If you want to marry me, you should marry you
Ok Ye Fan
I said what's wrong with you
It turned out that he had already hooked up with this cheap hoof, right?
Ok you two wait for me
I'm going to my sister
Brother Yifan, what are you doing?
Nothing. Just a thought.
Their family wants ten 888 red envelopes.
Suddenly I don't want to get married
Brother Ye Fan, if you have no money, I still have it
I'll take it to you in a while, silly girl.
That's the last dowry your parents left you?
How can I take it without
But
In my last life, I was even more sorry for you
Start over in this life
Cher
I will never let it happen to you again
Brother Ye Fan, what are you talking about?
Sun Yanzi, what do you mean?